#The NK2 file format.

= Introduction =

_Microsoft Outlook_ stores its autocomplete data in a specially-crafted, binary file (NK2). Its format is *not documented*, presumably because it is regarded as an internal data structure to the program. Still, the contents of that file are often valuable, and are definately worth keeping. 

The python library of this project, _nk2parser.py_ successfully pulls out *names* and *email addresses* from the file. Here's how.

= Details =

== Contents ==

At the time of writing, the author is aware of the following resources withing the file:

  * Display name: name, or e-mail address if no name was supplied
  * Delivery Method: SMTP or Exchange
  * Address: SMTP address or MS addressing

According to internet sources[1], there's more:

  * Record type: SMTP, Exchange, Fax, or MAPIPDL (Distribution List)
  * Alias (and smtp email address or GAL reference)
  * Exchange x500 address
  * x509 PKI (Public Key Infrastructure)
  * Various other data which may be populated from the Active Directory



== NUL-byte separated strings ==

== Record separators ==

== SMTP addresses ==

= Unraveling the stuff =

1. Luckily, the most important data is also most easy to pull out. The email addresses are stored as ascii strings, so by just running _strings_ on the file, you'll get all the addresses.

2. To get the names assosciated with the addresses, you have to dig deeper.




= File location = 


= References =

  * [1]: http://www.ingressor.com/about_nk2_files.htm 
  * http://www.iwriteiam.nl/Ha_HTCABFF.html
  * http://filext.com/detaillist.php?extdetail=NK2
  * http://www.nk2.info/